legend tells of three magic stones and
an evil so powerful the only one who can
stop it is the world's most fierce
warrior um The Fearless warrior couldn't
make it today so I came instead this
February one dog must lead an unlikely
fellowship on the adventure of a
lifetime it's all clear
oh come on three stones to rule the
world
my precious not kidding one go to find
them Duke
I've known a mission I say is to up in
here
from the creator of The Fairly
OddParents
if he can't save us
now I can't then someone else will have
to fine
I broke the fall with my face featuring
Jeffy chase Judi Dench Jimmy Fallon
Whoopi Goldberg William each me see Ian
McKellen Kevin Smith and Jon Stewart
Dougal in theaters everywhere I'd be
wary 24th